people ask me they say steam that's my
stage name a real name is the Black
Death it's Tom Rowling's tom that
doesn't matter they like steam how do
you do what you do and I tell them it's
what I do let's try to make a living
rocking out every night not many people
get do what I do you know trying to be a
kind of be all that I can be every
chance I get
I'm just starting out at my career but
already have a pretty awesome hip fan
base people like me I'm a people person
if you will I guess because I play the
hard notes I don't know what it is but
uh I think I got over to taste to make
it in the big time that's why I'm
selling everything I own and take the
show on the road to New York or wherever
as far as I can go with popping the
dollars I'm risking it all you'll see me
at the top you remember the name of a
steam remember me actually I got to go
this way to the shows this way hey
you